Fix up some spelling errors (#43)
AgonConsole8/agon-docs: docs/MOS-API.md

; System variable indexes for api_sysvars
; Index into _sysvars in globals.asm
;

> sysvar_time:			EQU	00h	; 4: Clock timer in centi seconds (incremented by 2 every VBLANK)

Reviewer: I think this one was correct

"centi" as a word by itself isn't used in English.  instead it's used as a prefix to another word, without any hyphenation.

for example, we don't use "centi metre", or "centi gram"

that "centisecond" tends not to appear in most dictionaries is most likely just a result of it being an under-used term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sysvar_time:			EQU	00h	; 4: Clock timer in centiseconds (incremented by 2 every VBLANK)
```

Author: You are correct here (my bad) - when I first read it, it just looked wrong. I'm laughing now because there are lots of examples where it does make sense (centimenters, milimeters, megaton). I don't know what I was thinking.
